hi Doug I'd like some milk ketchup and
five boxes of Cheerios you're a great
grocery store I am not a grocery store
you said five boxes I'll take two loaves
of bread and some ice cream okay those
are on aisle 13. I need a liter of milk
and three and a half reindeer Hooves
they're on aisle 13. Doug please stop
stealing food from my home and selling
it back in the dug Mart I have so few
meals left to feed my family I have to
make a profit somehow I need to speak to
your manager my manager's on the 13th
aisle Doug where's all 13 it's next
aisle 12 where's aisle 12 it's next
aisle 13. can you tell us what exactly
is in aisle one through twelve we have
pamphlets for that they're in aisle 13.
we're gonna clean up that guy looked for
my dad in the milk Island I didn't see
him is there any way else worth looking
um have you searched out 13.
hey I picked up that milk you wanted